I accept
Mr. Qin
The recipient you mentioned cannot be the son of the richest man in the building, right?
How is that possible?
Mr. Qin, he is a stinky security guard
How could it be the son of everyone's protection?
What do you think on such a grand occasion today?
Would I just pick the wrong person?
Even if he admits he is wrong
I, Ye Weixiong
You can't be wrong.
Ye Weixiong
Does that sound familiar to you?
You are the richest man
What building's richest man has been in the banquet hall
When my wife picked up the temple before that
I can see it clearly
Oh, what can we do about that?
We bully the son of the richest man in Great Xia like this
Our house is over
President Qin, Guardian Ye
Since you are sure that he is the heir of the Ye family
Always check it out
Make no mistake.
I don't mean anything else.
I am also thinking of the Ye family
Well, it's not your turn to point fingers
We will naturally verify
Iron thorn, put your pendant
What pendant do you take out?
What are you doing?
If you want to take it, hurry up and take it out. Come on
Does this match?
No.
I, the richest man in Jiangmen, have a family jade pendant
It is ancient blood jade
Only blood drop verification
How to verify that it is the blood of the Short Leaf family?
Ye Shoufu, this jade pendant can be replaced.
No one took the jade pendant.
Who is your son?
insist